So this wont work at all unless I can get more than one command into a command block...
Preferably I can at least render a frame per command block of an animation for my end goal and link those up...

... seems like this is accomplished with falling sand... or now falling_block?

ok looked through that a lot ... its a bunch of garbo >:(
Im just going to use minecraft functions then... Im betting thats what the youtube short was using as well

....
https://minecraft.fandom.com/wiki/Function_(Java_Edition)
ok so functions
text file with extension .mcfunction
go into datapack.data.namespace.functions.function.mcfunction
one command per line, no /

limited to 32500 chars per command
default limit 65536 commands per function
can potentially increase that with /gamerule maxCommandChainLength

might need to checkout function-permission-level in server.properties

can use /function command on a command block to run the function once its in the server's resources

all commands are executed within the same tick...
.....

Ok after reading that, I need to be able to delay somehow and render all of an animation frames within the same tick,
or I need to create multiple frames of an animation in multiple function files, and then have one animation function that schedules the rest of the functions

also my max resolution per frame is something like 192*144, 256*144, 320×180 which is near our command chain max
theoretically we can extend this with the gamerule, the question is should we, and will these low resolutions even work well in the first place?

if I wanted for example, 480*480, I would need to increase the limit to 230400 commands per chain

maybe I could run some sort of sampling on high resolution images? I would need something like
- A real size target in minecraft (i.e. we cant have a 4k image extend 4k blocks, because MC has that 512 block limit anyways on sight)
- sample the image to get it within 65k total commands


to be honest I think moving onto 3d models will be much easier xD because I can make them with low res myself, and people will care less about detail
and more about the wow factor of the hologram